---
title: Dear friends, I love you
date: '2022-11-04'
---

The last blog post explained how life is a series of decisions. Today, I realize it also comes in phases.

I was chatting with my mum complaining about how I was sad from realizing how fast senior year is flying by. Slowly yet very suddenly these thoughts and goals that were never in the forefront of my mind before pop up more and more often. I still remember being so eager to turn 19 and wishing time would pass by faster. Now I have to treasure every second I get to spend with my friends, parents, family, and even treasure warm interactions with strangers. At some point, we grew up to realize that time is precious becuase things are everchanging so people come and go. It is such a sweet yet painful feeling that is so difficult to put into words - having people you love so dearly that you want to treasure every moment with them because you fear the moment you may have to let them go.

It is so incredibly scary growing old. You gain more responsibilities and deteriorate physically and mentally. You are expected to live a meaningful life, not to mention figure out and decide what a meaningful life actually is. All of this is put on a tight time limit and accelerated by society's standards...

Recently, I have been a lot more emotional than usual (I typically stifle my emotions, especially sadness and loneliness and all the "bad" emotions and rarely ever cry). But recently, I have been tearing up from listening to Good Old Days by Macklemore (a song speaks more than a thousand words... if you know the feeling you get when listening to Good Old Days then you know how I am feeling). A part of me refuses to accept that I am graduating soon and that I may have to say goodbye to my dearest old friends and the new friends I am growing increasingly attached to. It's like 3 am and I just finished binging Grey's Anatomy. My favourite show never fails to give me a good cry and always reminds me how easily life can change and loved ones can be taken away.

Today's episode(s) taught me to be so so so grateful to be alive, grateful that all my loved ones are alive, grateful that I have humans I get to love and spoil. I need to be more expressive with my words and tell them how much I appreciate them as much as possible. I want to be like Peter and shower words of affirmation on all my friends and family. It is a constant journey to grow to be a better person that make lives of those around me brighter.

I think some part of me will always be naive in that I am always inclined to please others even if at the cost of my time, money, and energy. Of course, this comes at the risk of shitty people taking advantage of me, but in my mind, I would still rather have it this way. It's like the same idea as the story: if you ever see someone stealing diapers/ medicine/ birth control/ etc you let them because that means they might really need it. In the same way, if at the cost of my time/ money/ energy I can improve someone else's life, then that is my ideal way of spending my efforts. That's not to say I don't prioritize taking care of myself or my own happiness because I can only take care of others after taking cafe of myself. I am still working on being better at checking in on those that aren't as lucky to be surrounded by a supportive family or loving, fun friends.
