---
title: "Re: 1D Era"
date: '2023-12-17'
---

Re: 1D era. I'm ready for the next era. 

## Home
A big part of the Christmas season is getting to see all your loved ones that you haven't seen in a while. Getting to catch up, to go home, and to relax and reflect on your year. It's a very therapeutic and healing time of the year. Today, I got to spend the day loitering around White Rock with my childhood friends and it filled up my heart to the brim. Everytime I go back to White Rock, it makes me realize just how has changed between each visit and it always ends up being the perfect period of time to do some reflections on the changes. I love brewing on how I have grown and how I can continue to grow to be a better person, whether that is in the sense of relationships, personality, or career. Right now, I am going through changes in all three. I recently entered a long distance relationship after 2+ years of being single. It's been going good so far but at times it can still be absolutely terrifying. Personality wise, I realized after going to Ian's work Christmas party that I want to be more intentionally social. For example at parties, I want to actively be the first to start conversations. I want to be more confident in stepping out of my comfort zone to find new connections with new people by prioritizing saying yes to opportunities and meeting new people. This also applies to coworkers. Don't be afraid to chat with new people and try to find connections with them. Bring more of yourself and your cheery personality to work rather than always being on mute out of fear of saying the wrong thing. I'm going to think of socializing as a skill/ sport that takes practice to get better at. I think this will in turn help boost my confidence too. Career wise, I am kind of going through a crisis... The spot that I am in right now is a blessing and a curse because I've reached a point of routine. I know my skills and my limits and work has fallen into a routine. I also have been struggling with feeling like my work efforts are not going towards something meaningful. Afterall, I am just a cog in the wheel of a humungous corporation that can easily replace me. I have a lot of drive and eagerness to learn but at times it feels a little futile putting it towards projects that I am not passionate about. I have really been brewing on how to resolve this - maybe I need a passion project outside of work. But what I do know is that I want to work a little bit harder than the level I am outputting right now. Looking back, I have not been stressed about work even once. While this is something to be grateful for, it also means less growth and output. Balance is key. I hope to put a little bit more pressure on myself to work hard without going past the point of overworking. I still want enoguh time outside of work to spend on running, socializing, resting, etc. Yeah those are the conclusions I have made from walking around the home town and talking to the homies today. There is a lot of work to do but it's only up from here. I'm excited to kick off the next era! 