---
title: Look ma, I did it!
date: '2023-08-04'
---


The best word to describe the first week of my first real job is: grateful


## Grateful
I've always been hyper-aware of just how privileged I am to get to live this life. This week, the gratitude sunk in even more. I get to wake up everyday and go to work with some of the friendlist and smartest people I know. I get to continue learning and work on a super cool product that powers all of AWS which then in turn powers most of the world's technologies. I love my job. I live in an incredible, new apartment in a homey neighbourhood with my lovely brother. My loved ones are healthy and well. I am healthy and well. My biggest struggles are deciding where I should vacation next, or which hobby I should spend my free time that day doing. My friends are the funninest bunch and are always down to do fun things like start a sports team with no questions asked. The list goes on... While some small parts are purposely built as goals that I have worked towards (Eg, my job), most of it is to no credit my efforts and is just luck/ the efforts of my parents. 

I'm excited to continue taking all that has been given to me to build my dream life in this next chapter in life. As well, I want to carry forward the gratitude and reflect on how I can spend my efforts to giving back to those that deserve credit and how I can carry it forward to setup other lives for success. 

## Belonging
I think even though a lot of this definitely is an internal struggle, I do feel a lot more respected and a lot less imposter syndrome than when I worked as an intern. Maybe it's my new teammates or maybe it's all in my head, but I definitely believe that everyone is doing their best to make sure I am set up for success. Everyone has been so welcome and helpful during my first week of onboarding that I never felt out of place. I'm super excited to grow to be an integral part of the team. I genuinely feel like I belong (with fellow nerds and smartasses) contrary to what most first week on the jobs should feel like. I was barely even nervous on my first day and that says a lot from a chronically anxious person. It was so exciting to meet everyone and get to work in office for the first time. 

## Aspiring
Questions like "corporate vs startup" or "new team vs old team" were always thrown around before graduation, and I've always had my go to answers, but now after a week of being on a team whose product has been around for two decades and is integral to all of AWS versus interning on an up and coming team that was developing a new product from scratch, I think I finally have a solid answer. After just one short week of being on this new team and talking to everyone, receiving advice from the newer and older engineers, I realize the amount of things I have to learn. Both technical wise and soft skills wise, I have just been absorbing as much of the information that has been thrown at me. And it's looking like my onboarding will last another 6 months. What a privilege that my job is literally to learn from the friendliest people about one of the most integral products at AWS. I think under corporate, the correct order definitely goes old team -> new team. Especially joining as a fresh new grad, I'm just excited to be learning and on this two decade old team there is so so much I can learn. Until I learn everything (which some of the oldest engineers on my team claim to not have achieved either) or get bored I am super excited to be learning and contributing to this new team I get to call mine. Only then would I want to consider switching to a new team or startup for an opportunity to apply all that I have learnt and be a part of the decision process for building not only a product from scratch but also a team/ work environment that works. 

## Disciplined
One thing that i've learnt is the importance of discipline, especially towards getting enough sleep. Having to be the first person to call it a night is difficult in the moment but pays off when you have enough energy to focus and be yourself the day after. Balance is key. Some things come easier than others. For example, it's pretty easy for me to pack lunch everyday instead of eating out but it is much harder to motivate me to go for a run after coming home from a long work day. At work, discipline also drives progress. Especially in teams like ours where noone checks in if your stuck and meetings become optional if you are justifiably busy, the lack of micromanaging amplifies the effects of self discipline. It truly is a choice how much effort I want to put in to learning and onboarding our products. And right now I think I'm at an excellent level, clocking at least 6-7 productive hours every work day. 

## When the novelty is lost
Update: we are now on week 4. The one month mark is approaching quickly. Today, the Monday Blues really hit me. I was super tired, low energy, and needed some help from coffee to keep me focused. I had a feeling the motivation would slowly dwindle as I grow more familiar with the team, the workplace, and the technologies. It's a work in progress to build a sustainable routine - to know what my limits are and how much work is enough. Today, I really felt the novelty wearing off (likely because the team is getting used to me :-) plus they were probably drained from chasing deadlines all week). But this isn't necessarily a bad thing. It just means I am slowly transitioning into a new phase of work and I am excited for what's to come. Discipline is definitely going to become of even greater importance in this phase. 

## Inspired
On the official one month mark... The team stayed behind an extra hour filling up all three white board walls in our office room. The information is slowly being absorbed. Everytime a teammate explains a concept or service to me a little bit more sticks. I'm super eager to learn everything that I can from this team and all my teammates. This includes soft skills, too. Ever since my first ever part time job, I can reflect on each job and pick out all the soft skills that the job taught me. In 8th grade, working as a waitress taught me how to work in a fast paced environment. In 9th grade, working as a sales person at Garage taught me social skills eg, how to make small talk. In 10th grade, coaching a kids' soccer team taught me patience. In 11th grade, volunteering at a summer camp taught me how to network and form meaningful connections. My first few technical internships taught me how to communicate clearly, collaborate efficiently, and have fun with work :) The biggest thing that I have learnt from this new job is to ask questions - my teammates make it a point to make themselves available for any questions that I may have for them. Within one short month they have already helped me grow to be more confident in speaking up and reaching out. I have already learnt so much in one short month on this new team and I am so excited to learn lots more. I'm super grateful that I was swapped to this team and get to work with this wonderful bunch.  