---
title: 1D Era
date: '2023-12-01'
---

1D era baby


## No thoughts, head empty
I'm in a 1 dimensional era where life is good. I don't think about anything too hard and take things as they come. Head empty, just vibes. I'm surrounded by loved ones, live a comfortable life and have a fulfilling job. I get to chase all the things that I want and dream even bigger. There is a myriad of things in my life to be grateful for. 

2023 was a rollercoaster year. It was the most life changing year of my life by far. We graduated. We travelled to new countries. We said our goodbyes and made new friends. We learnt new sports and skills. We celebrated! We cried. We were confused and terrified at times. We got bored. We got burnt out, but we also partied hard. For me and many of those around me it was a lot to deal with at times but I can safely say it was a year with no regrets left behind. It has reached a point where things have fallen into routine and life is a bit more settled. At the same time, we are continuing to chase excitement and novelty to fill the holes. The year is quickly coming to and end, but there is still so much more to look forward to. We have a whole Christmas season filled with fun times with loved ones and another whole year to look forward to after that! 

## 2023 Reflection
I realized I was a lot more emotional this year. So the highs were higher but the lows were lower too. This is probably what led me to my 1D era towards the end of the year. A girl can only tolerate so much. But I do believe that it was a step of emotional growth. It is now important to me to really feel all my feelings without suppressing it, even if it feels dramatic or uncomfortable at times. 

## Mantra of the year
"Don't let fear hold you back"
