---
title: darker times
date: '2024-03-01'
---


## Jan Edition
January was a combination of post holiday depression, overworking to meet project deadlines, and a taste of introverted life that sent me straight to a week of depression. I spent about a week stuck in a crisis, not wanting to leave my bed, the weather was gloomy, work was stressful and all of my favourite people were far far away. The worst part was it literally hit me out of nowhere. Everything was going fine until I watched the new Sydney Sweeney rom com movie that sent me into a spiral of thinking about what I want (in terms of work, relationships, basically everything...) I started feeling like my work was futile and no one cared about me. During times like this I have an unhealthy habit of blocking everyone out because I have a hard time reaching out for support. The only exception is my parents. I know I can unconditionally count on them for support and was suuper close to calling them when they coincidentally called me to give me a house tour of their new place. It definitely cheered me up :D My dad even noticed I had been crying and tried really hard to cheer me up. Marco also showed a lot of support in just listening, but it was also something I feel noone else fully understood and could directly help. I had to pick myself up out of this crisis and eventually did with a banger playlist and friends. I remember one outing with my cpen friendos where we went skating and afterwards at dinner everyone was just casually sharing about how they were all in the same crisis where work is just work and we were all ranting about how there is no way this 9-5 life will be how our life looks like for the next 40 years. 

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/5fz3pchS5yjeHjGgchKB8r?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## More
Your twenties is a time when you hold essentially no responsibilities except for taking care of yourself and have the freedom to work towards everything you want. This realization can send you into a midlife crisis by the fact that each decision will probably determine what the rest of your life will look like. 

This years motto “Do it afraid” has not really been put in action yet. Before we act on that, it’s important to reflect on what the goal is. I know I want more. This life I’m living right now is an incredibly privileged and comfortable one that I have no complaints about, but I just know I have more in me to give. I want more. I need some time to ruminate on whether that’s diving into work or growing relationships (old or new) or even growing myself. There is no wrong way to invest my efforts but one big thing I learnt from my current job is to think ahead and at least try to plan for the bigger picture: How your deadlines affect others, how other factors affect your deadlines, etc. so essentially, what do I want my life to look like in 5 years from now? What are things I would like to improve in my current lifestyle? It’s fallen into a simple routine or working, running, and calling my loved ones (bc they’re all long distances away from my 🥲) My life ebbs and flows following the pattern of loved ones visiting me (/me visiting them) and heads down grinding work. Though I’m learning a lot at my current job and I love my team, I realized a lot of the skills I am picking up are job specific ie, I am learning things that make me an asset to the company rather than make me a better engineer. Aside: I also want an outlet to express my creativity and a means of exercising the language part of my brain (reading and writing) 

## Be more knowledgable
Tonight, in a late night car chat with my best friend. We came to the realization that we want to become more knowledgable. We want to learn the ins and outs of life (Eg, politics, finances, etc) and be more well versed in our domain. This is probably a natural part of adulting, but I am really excited to put this in action. It entails two of my favourite things: learning and novelty. It's one of those little things that make life so exciting. We decided that the best medium for her to achieve this is through more non fiction books and for me it is through talking to new people and listening more intently. We also both subscribed to news letters that we will be reading daily. 

## Be less humble, confidence is not embarrassing
I was recently told by my manager to be less humble and that really got me thinking. Because my entire life I was taught to and worked hard to be the most humble version of myself. That was the idea of kindness I had and so always had a hard time receiving compliments or sharing my achievements. Actually, that's not true. In my childhood like maybe before high school, I was a super confident outspoken girly (some even called me bossy). I was a leader and almost always got what I wanted because I wasn't afraid to ask and wasn't embarrassed to be a receiver. At some point throughout high school, I grew to be more shy, more insecure, and more basic. I started thinking twice before speaking my mind, tried my best to fit in and not bring attention to myself. Now, we're pivoting (or at least working towards pivoting) back to the old confident, bashful version of myself that knows who she is, knows what she wants, and does not settle for anything less than her worth. Anyone would be lucky to have me in their life and should appreciate any time or effort that I spend on them whether that be work, relationships, or myself. I know I am a good person and spend a good amount of time reflecting, ensuring that the things/ people I invest my time and effort contribute to meaningful goals that I believe in. 

Another realization I had on the same topic is the fallacy of always wanting more. Take running as an example. I have been marathon training pretty consistently and have been running for longer distances gradually. But maybe because the growth is too gradual, sometimes I forget to celebrate that every run is an accomplishment. Just the other day I ran the longest distance I have ever run (24k) and completely brushed it off knowing that there are people out there that run longer and faster than me with less training. This is a fallacy that I want to break out of and learn to celebrate my wins, no matter how small. The "be less humble" mantra applies even to myself. I was waiting for permission from others to know which milestones deserve to be celebrated when I should always be the first to give kudos. Every ounce of effort and every shred of time dedicated towards reaching goals deserves to be celebrated. 