---
title: thoughts on journalling
date: '2024-01-15'
---


I really enjoy writing things down because 1. It helps parse my thoughts and 2. I am really forgetful. That being said, since the beginning of the new year myself and a couple friends took on this resolution to journal everyday. While that can be valuable for a lot of people, being forced to sit in your thoughts for a couple minutes everyday or even just to simply record the happenings of that day (as per reason number 2) personally doesn't serve me a lot of purpose. I like to marinate in my thoughts especially during midlife crisis moments when the chaos is not resolvable within a day or even a week. That being said, I realized a couple more "resolutions" for this year. At one point last year, I thought that maybe my personality/ lifestyle had plateaued and this is more or less the person that I will be for the rest of my life. But I'm slowly realizing this to be untrue. There is still so much room for growth and time after time I am inspired with new ways to further better myself. 

The first resolution is I want to focus on being the kindest version of myself. At some point, probably while focused on other goals, I lost focus on the type of person I want to be. Life got busy. I refused to give up any of the items in my schedule, so I lost sleep. This made me cranky and on certain days not entirely myself. Even then, I refused to give up any of the goals I was chasing, so my daily routine became a little chaotic and unhealthy. They say balance is key, but how can I choose which to give up if it's between health, love, and fulfillment? As you can probably guess, this unsustainable lifestyle did not last very long. I felt like a mix between a robot and a zombie for a period of time. Eventually, it balanced itself out. I didn't have to choose. I didn't get to keep everything obviously. The things that were lower priority naturally fell off. For example, the book next to my nightstand has not been touched in months... I now sign off from work precisely at 5:00 PM and do not touch my computer on the weekends meaning there are many people on my team putting in more work than me, but I get enough done and I get time to go for runs in the evenings and do fun things on the weekends! Life has just been a natural flow of things. And that's how I reached where I am now. Reflecting on the past month, some days were extremely tough to get through. My brain has a natural tendency to  shut everyone out when I'm going through stuff and bury myself in work. There was a week in January where it got really bad, I could barely get out of bed and would be extremely tired and unmotivated even after getting out of bed. After recovering from this funk, I promised to have more compassion towards myself. 

Some days are harder than others, but we get through them one day at a time. 

Two other things I want to focus on include seeking fulfilment, and learning. These go hand in hand with each other in that anything that I put effort into should be exciting, and if it's not it should at least be teaching me something. Even in the most mundane tasks or video games for example, if you are not growing upwards or getting excited by it, then what is the point of spending effort on it?