---
title: life moves fast
date: '2024-04-27'
---

They were so right about your twenties being the most chaotic period of your lives. Some of the best and worst memories get made. We are approaching our 1 year grad anniiversary, meaning most people will also be reaching their 1 year work anniversary soon. It's crazy how time continues to blip by. I thought time would slow down as we settle into this 9-5 routine, but it almost sped up even more. Living the corporate work life, the 40 hour work week becomes pretty mundane and in a way we are just living for the weekends. Only living for 2/7 of the days in a week obviously sped up time a little bit, especially when the 8 hour work day sometimes just passes by on auto pilot. That's not to mention the added responsibilities of being an adult - cooking, cleaning, paying bills, planning finances, filing taxes, the list goes on. 

We had a little cpen reunion today because one of our treasured friends came back to visit for a weekend. It made me reflect on just how much things have changed. One year ago today, we were all more or less in the same spot in life having went through the same education and soon entering the same field (some at the same company, some in the same cities). Throughout the past year, we each made a set of decisions that lead us each to where we are now. Some chose to prioritize career; he got promoted already. Some chose to prioritize health; they have a six pack and are constantly hitting PRs. Some chose love. Some lost love. It's all like a story building video game where every decision and event leads you down a path specifically built for you. It's so exciting that everyone's lives are developing at such a fast pace and we get to be a small part of the journey through hearing the stories and struggles. I still remember thinking last year: "I can't wait to see where everyone ends up." 

Each of us are slowly finding our ways. We are learning to accept realities and are trying to maximize the big life joys. One thing I did not expect was to become even more emotional. I think one hard reality I had to accept was that all of us would drift apart. By that I mean, we don't see each other as often, and the catch up sessions slowly drift from weekly to monthly to annually. It makes sense becuase everyone is busy. These are some of the hardest working and smartest people I know and it really shows in their work ethics. But, it also reflects in their schedules leading to not being able to hang out as often. Some also moved thousands of miles away while others simply chose new people and things to prioritize. I had to accept that there is not a lot left after subtracting work and taking care of yourself to give to others. You have to pick and choose carefully the people you spend time worrying about and spend effort checking in on. Obviously there is still so much love for every friendo and we are there for each other during tough times or when summoned. It has just transitioned into a different type of relationship where we silently root for each other. 

Adulthood, if you will. There are tons of good parts and a lot of bad parts. But, life moves on for better or for worse. I'm happy to see everyone doing well and can't complain about where my own life is at either. A part of me still can't accept that I don't have the power to solve everyones issues and ensure everyone is well (myself included). All I can do is continue manifesting that everyone is living a happy healthy life and check in on and support the ones I love most. 

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/0FlwhvrncUKrEAhzunmCKm?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>